The features which I'm going to add in Nexus 1.0 -

    1. Account system - Users will have different accounts and they will
    have  different user id and  password. If user forgets  the password
    then a 6 digit token would be generated and will be mailed to user &
    user has to put that token in 2 min otherwise the token will expire.
    On entry user will have 2 options, first would be of Login and other
    would be of Register. And in login only user can  have that password
    reset process.

    2. TodoManager - Already made todomanager will be modified according
    to the Nexus and it would be used as usual

    3. News feed - In news feed there will be options for News and smart
    mail.

        - Smart Mail - In it, there would be option of subscribing it (which
        will send a mail containing news to user on every day or time period
        basis, user will be able to put time period  in it such as 2 days or
        weekly basis) and second option  would be of  personalization, where
        some question would be asked  to user and depending on  answers user
        will get their newsletter.

        - News - The second option  would allow  user to know  news  of  any
        topic they want, they will give a input of a  topic and it's news of
        it would be served.

    4. Weather - There will be two options, Complete weather report and of a
    specific date (but it should  be in range, it should not be like user is
    asking for weather forcast of 1 month after)

        - In the first option user will get full weather  report and it will
        have report of past few days, today and forecast :)

        - In second  option user will be asked for a date and if the date is
        in the range then the data would be returned otherwise error to user.

    5. Finances -  Here  user will  have 4 options, Stock market data, market
    news, currency rates, and currency exchange/rates news.

    6. Setting - In setting user will be able to change email id & username &
    they will also be able to reset or delete account.